Welcome to the second session.
So as a reminder, you will see
two types of pictures. Um,
either a complex scene or some
pictures from a graphic novel.
Um.
And your description of them
will help us develop naming
targets for people with
aphasia.
And.
For a complex scene, please
describe what you see and what
is happening in detail. And
please take between three and
five minutes right, and I'll
give you feedback afterwards
about time and you can start
when you're ready.
OK.
Make that big. I'm not big,
big, big.
Ready.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
So this is another where's Waldo
Two page spread.
With lots of busy and colorful
activity across 2 pages, it says
dinosaurs, spacemen and ghouls.
And.
It says few incredible times.
Space and horror are in a mighty
muddle here. What cosmic
costumes and great special
effects. One of those flying
saucers looks like it's really
flying. Are those real aliens
inside? Not actors at all. So
what's real and what's made-up
in films like these?
And starting in the top left
corner.
Of the page.
There's a picture of a volcano
that is beginning to erupt, with
Cavemen climbing up the side of
it and spewing out the top and
clustering all around the
bottom. And there are dinosaurs.
Of different colors red, green,
purple, blue.
Umm.
Below that, on the lower left
part of the page are a couple of
rooms. One is a daytime room
with lots of people.
And Cavemen and a dinosaur or
two.
Coming and going through doors.
Oh, and I see some green aliens.
{I don't fully understand what's
going on in this page,} but I
also see some people dressed up
like mummies.
And then to the right of that.
It goes to a nighttime picture
which looks like Halloween with
a dark sky and.
Black Bats flying and lightning
flashing and.
For some reason there is a soft
serve ice cream, but more green
aliens and ghosts and mummies
and other characters. Oh, and
there are big spotlights shining
in, so maybe this is a scene for
a movie.
As we move over to the right
hand page, this particular image
of the night time with all the
characters continues and there's
a scary tree with a gaping mouth
and spooky eyes.
And a tree and and lots of
characters and more lights. So
clearly this is a a film scene.
Then to the right of that is
another room.
It looks like it. Oh, dining
hall.
There is a big buffet area and
food being served, and there's a
picture of a big slice of Berry
pie and lots of people. There's
a pink floor and just lots and
lots of people milling around.
Above that in the upper right
page is another.
Backdrop for.
Movie Picture of space and
people in.
Orange and yellow space suits
floating in space.
There are some round.
Flying saucers that are pink
filled with green aliens. The
bottom has some kind of rough.
Landscape of a foreign planet
with space people and aliens and
oh, a person without a helmet.
So clearly this is not real
outer space.
And then just off to the side on
the far right you can see behind
the stage setting and more
people working in the
background. #END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
The end.
How much time was that?
It was just about four minutes,
so good, good. I'm getting
better with my pacing.
OK, so the next one is also,
um, it's a graphic novel.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as we go through
the story, OK?
#START_arrival_6 So this is a
two page spread with.
Lots of small square pictures
that are.
Like pencil drawings with
various shades of.
Cream and beige and brown and
dark, almost black.
The first picture has a window.
To the left side and a pot on a
table. It's just like a hand
sculpted pot. The next picture
to that.
The picture has the window and
the pot and.
Something flying to the pot.
It's not exactly a bird or an
insect. It has wings and it's
reaching out its legs, and in
the next picture it has lighted
on the side of the pot.
And then we go down to the next
row of pictures and the window
we have a bigger.
View into the window and we see
that the glowing Ness was
actually a lamp.
Umm.
And we see arms and hands of a
person.
Could be a man that's wearing
long sleeves and a vest, white
shirt, dark vest and in the
right hand.
Is a writing implement and
underneath is a piece of paper.
And in the pot, it looks like
the little creature has gone
inside and there's just a little
forked tail sticking out.
The next picture over is a close
up of the handwriting on the
paper.
And it looks like there might be
two piece pieces of paper
currency or tickets in front of.
The paper that's being written
on.
On the 3rd row of pictures on
this page.
The hand is folding up.
The written page.
And moving to the next picture
over, folding it origami style
into a bird.
And then in the next picture
over, putting the folded up
paper bird into an envelope.
The fourth line.
With three pictures, the first
picture has money also going,
paper bills also going into the
envelope and then the picture
shifts to a close up of the
person and it does look like a
man's face licking the envelope
flap to seal it. And the final
picture on this page we see the
front of the envelope focused on
and stamp being fixed into the
corner.
On the next page, at the top are
three squares across the top
with different pictures. It
looks like the man. We've got
legs.
And a suit.
And a hand holding an envelope
and.
A small white creature by its
side with little legs walking
down stairs.
And the next picture over the
man.
And his full body, with wearing
a hat, has stopped, and is
talking to a peasant woman with
a courteous over her head, and a
basket and an umbrella hanging
over her arm, and the little
white creature is still by his
side.
The next picture over, the man
is approaching.
A strange kind of box.
It has buttons and a coned top
and wings and I don't know what
it is.
But the next row down of three
pictures, he approaches the box
and there are buttons and it
looks like he's reading the
instructions. The next picture
over he might be inserting a key
and a window has opened in this
box and he's putting the
envelope inside.
And the next picture is a close
up of his face, looking upward.
And at the bottom of the page is
1 big picture.
Of the box.
With a balloon attached to it.
On a landscape.
A kind of desolate landscape
with large leaves growing out of
the ground and he is walking
away.
On the next page.
There are three squares across
the top.
And there are four rows of three
squares each, and it's a close
up of 1 leaf, and then it's a
closer up of 1 leaf with a kind
of split coming down the center
of it and it looks like rain.
And the third picture across the
top is the leaf.
Ohh.
Splitting further and this is a
two page spread and we actually
go across to the second page to
the right.
To continue and the leaf is
splitting open further and
there's a little curly thing on
a stalk.
Emerging from the split.
In the next picture.
The LEAF has split further down.
And the stalk is emerging more.
And in the four in the final
picture on the top row.
The leaf.
Is almost crumbling as it splits
and.
The little stalk in the centre
has developed a little circular.
Something. And then when we go
to the next row of pictures, we
focus on that circular something
that looks almost like a
dandelion, a circle with little
spokes coming out from it and
the next picture is a close up
and the image is getting more
defined.
Looking more like a Daisy and
then closer up again, it looks
more like a dandelion head the
Whitehead.
And some of the little white
seeds are beginning to flick off
from it and we continue to the
next picture where that.
Continues and the next picture
there are fewer of the.
White seeds on the round
circular head and more of them
have flown away and on the final
picture on the 2nd row.
It's a circle without the white
fluffy things.
And the third row starts with
the circle.
With no white fluffy things.
But there are white little
flecks centered in 12345, so
there are three six scallops,
almost like big petals.
And on the next picture, the
White Flex and the center of the
six scallops are getting bigger.
And there are some other white
flecks around it floating in the
air.
And in the third picture, the
white flecks have grown to the
side of size of little seeds
almost. And in the fourth
picture, three of those seeds
have fallen to the ground and it
looks like little  quickly
drawn.
Creatures with legs and wings
and a tail are approaching the
seeds, perhaps to nibble them.
The next picture over.
The six petaled.
Flower thing has no more seeds
and it's just dark. And the
final picture on that row, it's
all even darker.
We go to the final row of
pictures on the bottom and the
six petaled.
Flower is beginning to decay
with little poles breaking up in
it, and that progresses further
in the next picture, and in the
third picture it's about half.
And then the 4th picture it's
almost all.
Broken away and just showing the
outlines of it and the fifth
picture.
It's just outlines and it looks
like there might even be snow
falling because in the final
picture there is a layer of snow
that has covered up the stock
and is beginning to cover up the
bottom of the petals.
The next two pages.
are
Again, a black and white pencil
drawing with shades of light and
darkness, and it looks kind of
like a cityscape with large
massive buildings. A big block
with lots of little rectangular
windows in it.
In the background and in the
foreground there's a lower.
Blocky structure that's darker
and it has other little
structures on top that are, you
know, either conical or squarish
combination. And on the ground
it looks.
Like it's probably snow covered
and either there's smoke coming
out of some of the tops and the
little stacks on the buildings,
or there's swirls of smoke or
even some of the snow.
And on the next page.
It's not exactly the same
picture, but they look related
so I don't.
Know if we're doing a close up
or moved over to another area
and there's some more what
looked like smokestacks
Umm.
And more swirling, like it's
snowing.
{I don't know how else to
describe this page.}
On the next two pages, we're
back to a number of squares.
With smaller images that are
showing a progression.
At the top left, is that
handmade
Piece of pottery with.
Some jagged thing just peeking
out at the top of it and the
next picture over. The little
jagged things have popped up and
they look like the mouths of
baby birds, and there is a
flying creature approaching with
something in its mouth.
And in the third picture.
The big flying creature has
lighted on the edge and is about
to feed the little baby birds
with what's in its mouth.
Beneath these three pictures, on
the left side is 1 big picture.
Of a person sitting on an unmade
bed in a room.
Somewhat cluttered room.
On the wall or little notes
stuck on the wall and then in
front of this person is the
window where this pottery and
the baby birds and the adult
bird are located. And we see
some laundry hanging around it
as well. And there is a table
that looks like a writing table
with a chair and some books and
open book and the same lamp.
And next to the bed, on the bed
sitting behind the man, he's
sitting there holding a picture
frame with three people in it,
and the white creature that had
been out walking with him is.
Curled up, sleeping next to him
on the bed while he sits up.
And his shoes are by the side of
the bed.
Going to the next page, there
are three pictures of across the
top, and there are four rows
with three pictures each.
The top left picture has the
little creature on the bed. It's
close up, and the next picture,
the little creature has woken up
and is sitting up on its
haunches, supported by its front
legs, and its long tail is
curled up and around and
hovering over its head. And on
the third picture, the little
creature is leaping off the bed.
On the next row, the person
still sitting on the bed holding
the frame is leaning in the
direction of the white creature
to look where it has gone.
And in the next picture over,
the little creature is
disappearing through a hole, a
square hole in the floor. All we
see is its tail.
Disappearing down the hole and
there's a ladder, and the next
picture the man is climbing down
the ladder.
On the 3rd row, the first
picture we see the creature on
the floor looking at an envelope
on the floor, and the next
picture the creature is looking
up at the man whose hand is
reaching down to pick up the
envelope and we just see his
hand reaching down. The next
picture is a close up of the man
opening the envelope, holding it
in his hands with the flap up
looking inside.
And the next picture on the 4th
row.
It's the envelope that had the
folded origami bird that he has
taken out of the envelope and
he's smiling.
And then he opens up, he unfolds
the origami, and he sees the
written words, and he's smiling
more.
And in the final picture on the
page, he's holding the paper and
looking out the window, looking
up.
On this page there are nine
little squares.
Of drawings and the top left
square.
Has another origami creature
that looks like.
My first thought was a scorpion,
but it's shaped more like the
white creature from his bed and
in the next picture.
Is a strange.
Conical shape with a round door
or an opening showing something
round almost like the sun with
sunbeams coming out of it.
The next picture shows a coat
hook rack with a hat and a shirt
hanging on it.
The next picture has a bowl
with.
Something like a fork perhaps,
or a toothbrush next to it and
in the bowl are strange.
Curling things sticking out of
the bowl.
The next picture is an unfolded
piece of paper with some simple
line drawings.
Umm.
We have maybe a boat with some
smokestacks.
And a circle and something that
looks like a sun.
The next picture.
I don't know if this is a
steampunk coffee maker.
It's a strange contraption.
Cylindrical with a handle and a
spout.
And the next picture? Ah, there
is a cup of coffee sitting on a
saucer on top of a folded
newspaper.
The next picture is a portrait
of three people, a man, a woman
on either side and a girl
sitting between them.
And the final picture on this
page is a close up of two hands,
one larger hand putting a coin
into a open hand underneath it.
Now we go to another two page
spread. The first page on the
left is a big picture of a looks
like a family gathering around a
table. The man, the woman and
the child at the table and down
on the floor hoping for some
food to drop from the table is
the little creature with the big
curly tail, and in the
background is that strange
conical thing with the circular
opening. Oh, and there's the
hat, and it looks like a
kerchief hanging from the wall.
And a mantle piece with the
plant and the framed family
picture and the origami and some
other things on the wall.
Then we go to the next page, and
there are some smaller pictures,
pictures with close-ups. There's
a the first one it looks like
the girl is putting on a pair of
boots, and in the next one she's
reaching down to the little
creature that looks to have a
hat in its mouth. And in the
next picture the little girl has
put the hat on her head.
And the next picture is a larger
picture of the girl outside
going down steps, like on a
street in the neighborhood.
That's lots of steps, and the
little creature is bounding down
the steps with her.
And the next to that are three
other little detail pictures of
girl walking quickly with the
little creature, and then she
and the creature stop and point
to some white things on the
ground.
And then the
final bottom picture of this
page. The girl is holding out
her hand with a glowing circle
hovering just above her hand. #END_arrival_6
OK. How was was good? That was
about 15 minutes, actually 12
minutes. OK. Yeah. Was that
within the time frame? Oh,
great.
And it's.
Are what we're aiming for. So
that was good, great.
OK, so moving on to the next
item. It is a graphic novel
again. OK, so I'm going to look
like I'm not staring at you
because I have two screens. One
has the.
Camera in it. But my bigger
screen doesn't have the camera.
But I can see the picture better
and I'm not going to be
straining so much. OK, OK, so
#START_quest here we have a
storybook. It's a two page, 2
pages that are open on the left
hand page were outdoors. It
looks like we're in a City Park
with a little bit of a
stonework.
Um, holding back or setting a
boundary with the grassy area.
There's a bench, there's a trash
can, there's a.
Lamppost and there's a big.
Sculpture statue of A.
Person with wings.
And there's some words on the
page, it says 4 Darcy, and then
there's some other technical
words about the book and it's
copyright and whatnot.
And further in the background of
this cityscape, there are a few
trees with a few leaves on them,
and behind them you can see
rising towers.
On the next page.
We see two.
Young children like twins,
perhaps a boy and a girl
standing under an archway in the
cityscape.
To the left is a a 2 seated
bicycle and there's also a door
in the archway and a lamp.
Overhead and it looks like it
has started to rain and we can
see some other sculptures around
them.
And the next turn the page the
door has opened and a wizard
type person has entered.
Come through the doors and
startle the children. The girl
has fallen to the ground and the
boy is trying to balance on one
foot as he's taken aback and
there's a big purple Phoenix
flying overhead. The boy is
holding.
A purple something cylinder
thing. It could be a crayon in
his hand and the girl is holding
a red crayon thing in her hand
and the wizard is holding an
orange crayon thing in his hand.
He's also wearing orangish
brownish robes and the crown is
orange and he's holding a paper
out to the children. Or the
diagram of a 2 banded circle
with 123456.
Circles intersecting the big two
banded circle and they are
different colors green, blue,
purple, red, orange and yellow.
We also get a close up of the
artwork and the tiles around the
door and they look like the
statues that were just outside.
There's a mermaid statue and
also a picture of this king or
wizard and there's also a an
octopus kind of motif embracing
the open door.
On the next page.
The King or wizard has taken.
He had a sash on. I'm not sure
if it was to hold ammunition,
but he's put it around the girl
across one shoulder.
And.
The Phoenix, the Purple Phoenix
is sitting on the shoulder of
the boy, and the boy is holding
the diagram and.
The wizard King is pointing to
the diagram.
The next picture down.
There are two.
Looks like armed guards with.
Armor and Spears coming through
the door and beginning to poke
the wizard king, and he's lost
his orange crayon, and the boy
and the girl are a little
unsettled, and the purple
phoenix is fluttering above the
boy.
And the next picture down, the
guards have taken the wizard
King back into the door, and
he's reaching out to them in a
kind of beseeching way. And the
boy and the girl are crouched
down, huddled together.
Looking at him while the Phoenix
lights again on the boy's
shoulder.
The next two pages, the first
page, the boy and the girl are
looking at the door that is now
closed.
And the girl has picked up the
orange crayon and has put it in
the sash around her in one of
the holders. And the boy has
curled up the diagram and is
holding it in one hand. And the
purple Phoenix is still on his
shoulder, and there are still a
few raindrops showing.
Outside the archway.
The next page has three separate
pictures.
1.
The girl is using her red crayon
to draw.
Something on the wall and the
boy is also drawing something on
the floor and in the next
picture it looks like they have
each drawn a key that they were
able to pick up.
So this looks like magic crayons
or magic chalk and the Phoenix
is still present in each of the
pictures watching on and then
with the two keys the children
are able to open the doors and
they are now entering the open
doors into a dark area and the
Phoenix is flying in with them.
The next two pages is a
comprehensive spread showing a
castle.
Surrounded by a Moat, the
children have emerged from the
other side and.
There's a big.
Wall, land, Earth, and it's like
they have tunneled through and
then it opens up onto the Moat.
There's a little bit of a
waterfall over them and they're
standing on a rock.
Looking at the castle and they
see on the other side of the
Moat a paddle boat with the
wizard king and the Armed guards
and some others.
Perhaps they are slaves working
in the boat and they're going
through a big gated entrance
into the castle.
The castle has many turrets,
turrets and Spires and flags and
in the sky.
Over the Moat, it's like
Zeppelins flying above.
And there's a guard standing at
one of the towers with a.
Spear.
OK, on the next two pages there
are two images on one.
The boy and the girl were close
up on them at the rock with the
waterfall behind them and a
slightly different angle,
getting a better view of the
paddle boat going through the
archway that looks like it might
be going to the open sea.
And on top of the archway.
It looks like some Viking ships.
You don't know why they're up
there with people in them.
It also looks like there might
be some fires bursting out from
different parts of the castle.
With flames and smoke wafting
upwards into the sky.
On the next page we have a close
up of the diagram that the boy
is holding and he's pointing to
the yellow circle which is
showing the image of what looks
like, you know, a Greek or a
Roman structure.
You know with columns.
And it looks like a map.
On the next page.
The boy and the girl are still
on the rock on the far side of
the Moat with the waterfall.
Falling behind them, and now
those Viking ships are in the
Moat, about to pass by them.
And they the front boat has one
person dressed and looks like
golden armor or clothing with a
horned helmet, and there are two
armed guards, and the other
boats have other armed guards in
them.
And they're moving with Poles
pushing through the Moat.
And yes, it definitely looks
like there's fire coming from
different areas of the castle in
the background.
On the next page there are three
separate images. The boy and the
girl on the rock are holding up
the red and the green crayons.
And in the next picture, the
girl is drawing has drawn swim
flippers onto her feet.
And.
A circle that at first looked
like a baseball, but then I'm
thinking might be a diving
helmet and.
And an air tank.
And the boy with the purple is
drawing octopus tentacles.
And then in the final picture.
They have both dived into the
water. You can see their legs
with red flippers sticking out
and the octopus tentacles and
the tail feathers of the
phoenix.
In the next picture we are
underwater and the picture
spreads over the two pages.
And the octopus creature, they
are holding on to its tentacles,
and it's taking them down
beneath the water into.
It looks like the Roman
Colosseum and in the center is a
building that looks like the
picture on the map.
On the next page, we see them
down in the midst and they're at
a little.
Stand decorated with sculpted
seahorses and a sea fan or a
shell on top.
There are a few fish swimming by
and the boy and the girl do have
their diving helmets and the air
tanks and the red flippers on.
And.
Looks like the boy has reached
into the shell and perhaps has
picked up a yellow crayon and
the next page.
The picture shows the girl
putting the red, the yellow
crayon into her belt, where it
now holds the red, the orange
and the yellow, and then two
other open spaces and then the
purple crayon. The boy and the
girl are holding on to the
tentacles.
And the map.
Even the purple Phoenix has an
air tank on its back, and they
are.
Being taken away, but they're
also being chased by underwater.
People with armor and Spears.
And the next page the boy and
the girl are emerging out of the
water into.
Some land with palm trees on it,
and they're taking off their
swim gear, leaving it on the
ground the bird is flying and
then the next picture they're
beginning to draw.
The outline of what might be a
large creature.
And we'll have to wait till the
next page to see what it is.
Yes. On the next page we see
them sitting on top of a purple
rhinoceros with a red.
Thing on its back that they are
sitting in and it.
Has a cover over them and
they're going through it looks
like a jungle and there are some
statues with beings with wings
and then you continue down this
path through the forest and get
to some pyramid type structures
that look more like Aztec or
Mayan.
Blocky.
Pyramids rather than Egyptian
pyramids on the next page.
We're looking out over the
water.
It's like a Cove or a Bay.
And.
Just beyond them in the cove or
the Bay is a structure rising
up, and it's again a blocky kind
of pyramid with steps.
And levels and it looks like
there's a rickety.
Rope bridge from the land to the
tower.
We will see what the next page
brings.
Ah yes. The boy and the girl are
crossing the rope bridge and it
does look rickety with parts of
rope hanging off of it.
Um.
And the Phoenix is flying across
with them and they are going
across to the top of the tower
which has a light on the top.
On the next page, the boy and
the girl have gone all the way
across and they've climbed to
the top of the tower to the
light. And Oh no, the armored
guards are chasing them with
their Spears coming across the
rope bridge and the Phoenix is
flying overhead.
In the next picture, the boy and
the girl are using their red and
purple crayons to draw some
other objects.
Let's see what they are on the
next page.
Ah, on the next page they're
sitting on a red swing attached
to a big purple dragonfly that
is flying them away from the
armored guards that have been
chasing them, and they are
flying off, and in the distance
we see snowy mountains and
another tower with a light at
the top.
And the next page the boy and
the girl are.
Being deposited by the dragonfly
onto the top of the next tower,
which is purple with a Buddha
sculpture on it. And there are
Zeppelin aircraft following them
with more armored guards and
Spears.
In the next picture, the girl is
showing her sash full of a
rainbow of crayons purple green
blue
And then a green yellow and a
yellow and an orange and a red
and she's smiling and.
The next page.
Shows the armored guards and the
Zeppelin aircraft approaching.
They're reaching for the purple
Phoenix and one of the guards
has a golden cage.
In the next picture.
I don't see the boy and the
girl. We have a close up of one
of the zeppelin aircraft with
the guards in it, and then we
see a couple of the others in
the distance. We don't see the
boy and the girl and we don't
see the phoenix.
In the next picture.
It's wonderful. There's a huge
rainbow reaching from the top of
the tower where the boy and the
girl were.
To the Phoenix, which is flying
off with the sash, with the
colored crayons creating the
rainbow path across the sky.
And to one to the left side is
one of the Zeppelin aircraft
with the guards in it, and one
is holding his fist up in the
air.
Apparently cursing, he has been
foiled. And the boy and the
girl. The boy is smiling and in
another.
Aspect of the page. There's
another Zeppelin aircraft which
seems to be falling from the
sky, and then another Zeppelin
aircraft is also falling. It's,
it's.
It's turned sideways and falling
down, and one of the guards is
still holding the golden cage
and in the distance.
We see.
A Kingdom with lots of.
Buildings built out of stone.
The next two pages are complete
spread.
In the foreground we see a
river.
And there's a boat in the
foreground.
And the people in it, ah, the
wizard king is there, and his
hands are thrown up into the air
exultantly. And the other people
that look like maybe they were
prisoners or slaves working,
they're also celebrating. And
the guards are falling off the
boat into the water. The
rainbow.
That it was starting from the
left side, from the top of the
tower across the sky.
Lands in the boat and there's
the purple Phoenix with the sash
and the colored crayons flying
to one side, and in the
background is the Kingdom.
The next page is also a full two
page spread, with the Kingdom
illuminated with the rainbow in
the sky and glowing golden
colors on the stone walls of the
Kingdom.
The boy and the girl are again
on top, riding on top of the
purple rhinoceros in the paddle
boat on the river. And there are
other boats in the river, and
you can see some of the
tentacles of the purple creature
flailing above the water, but.
Just not in distress. And there
are people in another boat on
the water. It looks like they're
playing musical instruments.
And the purple Phoenix is flying
by.
In the next picture, the boy and
the girl and the boat and the
purple rhinoceros are back by
the rock by the entrance to the
tunnel, and they're getting off
it with the wizard king walking
down some steps. The boy is down
on the rock, the wizard King is
on the steps, and he's reaching
his hand to help the girl off of
the rhinoceros. Onto the steps,
and the rainbow is still in the
sky.
With the Kingdom in the
background.
And the purple dragonfly in the
distance in the sky and the.
Purple tentacle waving from the
water. The next page has three
little images on it. The boy and
the girl are standing by the
tunnel entrance and the wizard
King has the.
Orange Crayon and it's drawing
something jagged. And in the
next picture we see that he has
drawn a crown and is placing it
on the boy's head.
And the phoenix is with him, and
the boy is kneeling down as he
receives the crown on his head.
And then the third and final
picture on the page. The girl
also has a golden crown on her
head. They're waving goodbye to
the wizard king as he has his
hands held together in front of
his face in a salute to them,
apparently bidding them farewell
as they enter into the tunnel.
And the purple Phoenix is with
them also.
In the final picture, we're back
in the city in the Archway.
The rain has stopped.
There are puddles on the ground,
on the paved ground. The door is
open. The boy and the girl had
emerged and they're looking at
the modern day city. They're
still holding the purple and the
red crayon. They still have
their golden crowns. There's a
rainbow over the city and the
purple Phoenix is with them in
the sky. #END_quest OK, that was good.
That was a fun story. That was.
Yeah.
OK. So then going on to the
next one, it's another part of
the graphic novel.
OK.
Stretch, yeah.
Hey, graphic novel.
#START_arrival_1 We have a page
with.
9 squares of close up pictures
in a grid three by three. The
first square is a close up of a
family portrait with a man or
woman and a child between them
on a mantle piece. The next
picture a hand has reached out
and is holding the framed
picture and is lifting it off of
the mantle piece. And the third
picture the hand is taking the
framed picture and is putting
it.
Is wrapping it up.
And in the next picture we see
the package is all wrapped up
and is being tied together with
string with the hands tying the
string. The next picture the
hands are holding the package.
And then the next picture, the
hands are closing what looks
like a suitcase. So perhaps the
packaged picture is in the
suitcase.
In the next picture.
The hand is holding.
A strap? So maybe it's securing
the suitcase closed. Yes, in the
next picture there's one hand
resting on the secured belt
around the suitcase and the last
picture on the page.
The second hand is resting on
top of the first hand, on top of
the belt on the suitcase.
On the next page there are also
nine small close-up pictures,
three by three. The first
picture has an origami bird.
The next picture has a close-up
of an old fashioned clock with
Roman numerals on the face
showing 10 minutes after 10:00
o'clock.
The next picture shows the hat
and the kerchief hanging from
hooks on the wall.
The next close up picture has a
cooking pot with a lid.
Partially open and a stirring
spoon lying next to it.
The next picture looks like a
child's drawing of a man and a
woman and a child smiling, with
a smiling son in the sky and a
bird resting on the man's arm.
The next close up picture is a
tea kettle that has a crack in
it and steam coming out of the
spout.
Next close up picture looks like
a tea or a coffee.
Cup with little chip on it,
sitting in a saucer and some
folded papers next to it.
The next close up picture has a
corner of a packing suitcase or
trunk with folded items in it.
And the next picture is the
picture of the man and the woman
and the child.
The next page has one large
picture. It's the man and the
woman standing together at the
kitchen table with the suitcase.
Closed on top of the table.
There are two tier coffee cups
and the.
It's the teak pot and the papers
and three chairs around the
table.
The man and the woman are are
facing each other one his hand
is on the suitcase and her hand
is on top of his. Their heads
are bowed a little bit and
they're they're shading in the
picture. I'm not sure if it's
sad or somber.
And then behind them are the
other.
Decorations in the room on the
mantle piece that we had
close-ups of on the other page.
The next page has 12 small
square close-ups with the
progression. The first is on the
picture of the child snuggled up
under her covers in bed. You can
just see the top of her head and
the next picture the covers are
coming down just showing her
eyes and nose and some light
illuminating her face.
In the next picture, she's
sitting up, yawning with her
mouth open, and one hand is
rubbing her eye as the covers
come further down.
The next picture, she's sitting
at the table with a bowl of
porridge or cereal, holding a
spoon.
And the next picture is a close
up of her with her cereal and
spoon and she's looking off to
the other side. And the next
picture has a picture of the
suitcase closed and strapped.
The next picture is a close up
of the man's head. He's putting
a hat on.
The next picture is the woman's
head putting a scarf on and the
next picture is the girl putting
on a hat and I think her
mother's hands reaching to
fasten her coat. And the next
picture the little girl is
putting on boots, and the next
picture the little girl is
holding the handle of the
suitcase.
Looking, looking up expectantly,
and then the next picture. The
man is reaching down as if to
take the suitcase.
The next page is 1 big picture,
with a Stonewall and the shadow
of what I imagine is a Dragon's
tale with spikes coming off of
it. The man, the woman, and the
child have apparently emerged
from a doorway and some steps in
the Stonewall, and they're
walking.
Down the street, the man is
holding the suitcase, the girl
is next to him and the mother is
on the other side.
So the next page has three small
close-ups.
At the top of the page of the
little girl's face.
Just round looking expectant.
Perhaps sad, perhaps questioning
the next picture on the page is
a larger picture. We see a steam
locomotive approaching and
people scattered on the side
with different bags and waiting
for the train. And at the bottom
of the page are three more
little close up pictures.
There's the girl and her
father's hand is on her
shoulder, perhaps reassuring.
The next picture there he is
leaning over to her, lifting the
hat off his head and showing a
paper origami bird, and in the
next picture the girl a close up
of the girl's hands holding the
paper origami bird.
The next page has 12 small
close-up pictures. The first is
the father.
Leaning down next to the girl
with his hand around her
shoulder.
Looks like he's talking to her
and she's staring down at the
paper origami bird in her hands.
The next picture the man and the
girl are hugging.
And the next picture? The girl
is alone, looking off as if he's
leaving and she's holding the
paper origami bird.
The next picture has the woman
with the kerchief and she's
holding a another hanky to her
eyes and her face is looking
like she's crying. The next
picture she and the man are
embracing.
And the next picture they've
pulled apart a little and he's
perhaps whispering in her ear.
Or he's just given her a little
kiss on her cheek and one hand
is on the other side of her
head.
The next picture we see just the
lower half of the man, his legs
stepping up into the train and
his hand holding the suitcase.
The next picture we see his hand
and her hand, the woman's hand
and the girl's hand all holding
for a last clasp. Goodbye and
the picture that follows it.
Is the hands just having
released each other
The next picture is a close up
of the train moving down the
tracks. The next picture the
train, is a little further down
the tracks and the final picture
the train is off in the hazy
distance.
The next page has nine square
pictures. Again we have a close
up of the family portrait of the
man, the woman and the girl.
The next picture, the portrait
is resting on top of the
suitcase and we see a pair of
hands holding a bowl and a
spoon.
Next picture is a little further
back and we see it's the man
sitting there holding the bowl
and the spoon.
And the next picture, it's
almost like we're looking
through a portal hole. It's a
circle, and we see the man
looking out the portal hole
while he's sitting there with
the bowl
With the suitcase and the framed
picture, the next picture we're
further away and we get more of
the side of what may be a ship
with the portal hole and the
picture of the man. And then the
next picture we're further away
and we see three portal holes
and can barely make the outlines
of the man in the middle portal
hole.
The next picture
we're further away and there are
two 4 6 8 a dozen little portal
holes. And now the next picture
we're further away and we begin
to see a full section of a big
steamship with many portal
holes. And then the top of this
ship with the smokestacks and
the final picture on the stage
On the page is a distant picture
with the full ship and sailing
on the water. #END_arrival_1
OK. OK.
8.
So moving on to the next item.
Again, for this complex scene,
please take between three and
five minutes.
Describe what you see and what
is happening.
#START_wild_west OK, we have
another where is Waldo Two page
spread. {It's the wild Wild West
and Walden says Yeehaw, Waldo
watchers, have you ever seen
such a wild, wild Western? Here
comes the wagon train steaming
into town. The gold rush is on
and a cowboy is riding off into
the sunset. There's so much
action, so much excitement. I
wonder if the real wild.
Us was as bright and colorful as
this.}
And in this page, it is crowded,
full of pictures of lots of
people and Wild West buildings.
There's a hotel, there's a
saloon, there's a general store,
there's the pioneer saloon.
We have the livery unstable, the
livery livery stable and the
livery unstable. We have the
Wild West saloon, lots of
saloons.
One more saloon, a bank.
And in all of these places and
the colors are green and orange
and red and blue and pink.
We have some people streaming
into a gold mine and gold tours.
We have people in the hotel. I
don't even know what they're
doing.
It's just so busy with tables
falling over.
There's some smoke. Maybe
somebody fired a gun. People are
lying down, people are jumping
out.
People are rushing down the
stairs. There's a strange person
coming, emerging out of a
chimney. Oh, there's a jail and
the sheriff and lots of people
in blue jeans and 10 gallon
hats. And there is a horse
sitting down drawing a picture
of a.
Prairie wagons? Well, that's
pretty funny. And then we've got
multiple pictures of stamps,
postage stamps with a Buffalo on
them with horns. 29 cents.
We have people looks like
crowding around in a saloon.
Another one with people on the
porch at the saloon on top of
the saloon.
There's a little roof and
windows and two people upstairs
on the roof outside the windows.
Oh, we've got some more like a
whole wagon train and lots of
patches on the wagon covers.
Outside another saloon. Oh,
there's a man running off the
roof holding a bag with a dollar
sign on it, so clearly a robbery
is in process. Outside another
saloon, we have a piano player
and fiddlers and music and a
crowd of people.
Um.
Ohh, outside the livery stable
with the blacksmith there's a
horse probably getting oh, there
are a few horses getting taken
care of, maybe having some
horseshoes made. There's one
that's getting brushed.
Um.
There's a person climbing up a
ladder to the roof. There's
another picture, so in the
background we have desert. But
there's a big mural standing up
with a glorified picture of the
West, with the sun setting and
huge pink and yellow sunbeams,
and a person on a horse riding
through the picture.
And there are other people in
the foreground waving goodbye to
the person on the White Horse
and the white 10 gallon hat.
Let's see. We also have a group
of people in white coats,
perhaps with stethoscopes and
bags that they're walking by.
Another place on the bank is
getting a fresh coat of red
paint in a very haphazard way,
with lots of different people
painting different sections
erratically. I do see in the
lower right corner a little
steam engine, a red engine with
the number 2 and smoke coming
out of its stack. There's a
train track.
There's a coach,
not steam powered, that's stuck
crossing the train track and a
bunch of people oop. I think
it's a holdup because there are
people with bandanas tied over
their faces. #END_wild_west
OK.
Next page. All right. OK. So we
can move on to the next one.
Um ah, continuing story in the
animated book.
#START_arrival_2 We have one
page with twelve small close up
pictures and a grid 3 by 4. The
first picture has three people.
With.
Kerchiefs or scarves or clothes
over their heads and they're
just sitting clumped together.
There's a suitcase.
Next picture has three other
people in suits and hats and
more suitcases. The next picture
has a close up of two people, a
man walking away and a woman in
the foreground.
there is a baby in her arms. The
next picture is a close up of a
man sitting on his suitcase with
an open book on his knees.
And the next picture is a close
up of that man, and he's writing
in the book, and the next
picture he's tearing a page out
of the book.
In the next page.
He's folding the piece of paper
that he tore out of his book and
the next page. He's creasing it
further, clearly another
origami, and process the next
picture show, his two hands
holding a folded origami
creature with wings.
This next picture we have a view
of the man from the waist up,
his arm is bent, his hand is
holding the completed origami
creature. The next picture he's
not holding the origami and he's
looking over his shoulder. And
the next picture he's stood up
from his suitcase.
And the next page has three
small pictures at the top and
then a larger picture beneath
us. The pictures are a close up
of the man. He's looking over
his shoulder and he's wearing a
hat. And then the next picture.
His face has come around and
he's looking off to the left
side, and the next picture, his
face. We've got more of a full
on, but his face is tilted up
toward the sky and he's holding
his hand up to shade his eyes.
And then the big picture
underneath we see a whole flock
of strange white flying
creatures, small, kind of like.
Mayflies.
And beneath them we have lots of
people on the deck of the ship.
And there's water around.
Next page, next page is a two
page spread.
With lots of people crowded onto
the deck of the ship, looking
across the water and in the
water are a great number of
ships, some bigger, some
smaller. There's a Steamboat
there looks like a sailboat,
some other boats with.
Chimneys.
Um and city in the smoggy
distance.
And then across the water is a
huge sculpture of two people
leaning in toward each other
shaking hands. They have long
coats and one has a pointed hat
and one has a a squared off
cylindrical hat. One has a
creature with big ears and a
long tail that's curling up on
the arm, and the other person.
has a bird like creature sitting
on its shoulder and I'm not sure
if there's statues or if they're
oversized people standing in
boats because there are boats
beneath them, one with a
suitcase and a coffee cup and a
bowl and a another container and
another one was a a conical
thing, another teapot and a
large vessel container.
The next page has one full big
picture head on. Picture from
the water level of the incoming
steam ship. Big, big front of it
is dark and almost menacing
coming through the channel in
the water there's steam and
cloud in the skies, little bit
of brightness.
More of the white flying
creatures. The next page has six
small close-up pictures.
There's a close up of a cluster
of people, some men with hats, a
woman with a scarf over her
head, a younger person with no
head covering. The next picture
has one person who looks like
they're in charge, perhaps a
conductor with a conical flat
topped hat and a big megaphone
that he's holding to his mouth
and pointing with one finger,
one hand. The next picture has a
close up of two sets of hands.
Unlocking and opening perhaps
the gates from the ship, the
next picture has a close up of
an arm and a hand holding the
handle of a suitcase.
the next picture is a cluster
of people standing together
holding their bags and packages.
The next picture
is the cluster of people and
they are now moving down a plank
or a walkway and then at the
bottom of the page is 1 larger
picture huge cluster of people.
They appear to have disembarked
the ship. The prow of the ship
is in the background. They are
in the foreground on some dingy
piece of land or pavement. #END_arrival_2
OK.
Hang on.
#START_being_a_pirate OK, we
have another where's Waldo? Two
page spread and a little opened
book in the upper left corner
saying 250 years ago being a
pirate shiver me Timbers. It was
really a lot of fun being a
pirate, especially if you were
very hairy and didn't have much
in the way of braids. It also
helped if you had a peg leg and
eye patch a bandana.
Pirates sent with your name tag
sewn inside a treasure map and a
rusty cutlass. Once there were
lots of pirates, but they died.
Um, something they died out in
the end because too many of
them.
Men, which is not a good idea,
hmm.
OK, so in this two page spread
we have.
A seascape. We're in a harbor.
There's a large pirate ship in
the foreground with lots of
little dingy boats.
Approaching and departing from
the pirate ship to the left is
apparently another pirate ship.
You can see a.
Flag with the skull and
crossbones.
And off to the right in the
distance is another ship with
more skull and crossbone flags.
And up there's some smoke. Looks
like they're firing cannons over
there. Oh yes, I see a big
plopping splash in the water. I
see the arc of another
cannonball going over a small
boat in the water. One of the
boats. So this far off boat on
the right, a pirate is making a
person.
Walk the plank, and underneath
the plank is a circle of hungry
sharks with chefs, hats and
napkins tied around their necks,
waiting.
Um.
There are people climbing up in
the crows nest and on the masts
and up there rigging and.
Climbing down the anchor chain,
it's just all kinds of busyness
and craziness and all of the
little boats. There are many,
probably a dozen or more of
these little dinghy boats. You
know, they look like wooden
crafts that are filled with
pirates. Every single one of
them. Oh, there's a a sea
monster, an octopus type
creature that's got three people
and three of its tentacles and
another one that's fallen into
the water.
Umm.
What else do we see around
another couple of dingy boats?
We see people also in the water.
I don't know if they're in
shallow enough water that
they're just swimming in or
walking in. And there are some
people that are walking onto the
shore. There's a shore. It looks
kind of scruffy with a few palm
trees.
Somebody's digging and there is
a treasure chest, but it looks
empty.
Ohh and a cannonball it looks
like has gone awry and has hit a
palm tree and it's breaking and
a person is falling out of the
top of the palm tree.
Let's see what's going on. Some
of the other dingy boats. On one
of the dingy boats, most of the
people are jumping overboard
into the water. Another dingy
boat, the crew are pulling the
oars. Another dingy boat has
broken in two and sinking, and
all hands are.
Floundering in the water, trying
to save themselves.
More dingy boats.
In the big center boat, there's
a cannonball going up into the
crows nest and dispersing the
pirates who are up there. There
are three masts on this boat,
and there are pirates all over
each of the masts and the crows
nests and the.
beams for the sails going
across.
Yeah, funny
thing. This one big central ship
does not have a skull and
crossbones. It has Pennant flags
with blue and white panels on
it. So perhaps the pirates are
all attacking this one major
ship. #END_being_a_pirate
That's all I have to say about
that, OK.
Hang on to the next one.
#START_exhibit_12 {In other words, Waldo Page,
exhibit 12, the Great Portrait
exhibition. Our journey is now
over, Waldo fans, but what a
fitting finale. A fantastic
exhibition in a proper art
gallery. The crowd here seems
more welcoming than odd laws.
Odd ensemble from the first
scene. I'm also really pleased
that all 30 of the characters
we've been searching for in the
earlier scenes appear.
Again here among the gallery
gazers, see if you can spot them
as they try to blend into the
crowd and enjoy the show. I hope
you found them in the previous
pages too. If not, there's still
plenty of time to do so the
exhibition never closes.}
So we have a
two page spread crammed full of
people. There's a floor level in
this exhibition, there's a
stairway that goes up to a
mezzanine level, which is
crowded like people just
squeezed in next to each other.
And then there's another
stairway up to the next level,
again full of people. And on the
red walls are all manner and
shade of portraits.
They are Oval shaped, some are
square, some are rectangular.
Most of them are people, but
there's one of a shark.
Let's see.
There's a picture of a person
behind bars. There's a picture
of a person with looks like a
soccer ball for a head. There
are two pictures that.
Are actually made-up of two
panels each. The head is 1 panel
and then the body is the 2nd
panel underneath and there are
two of those.
People are carrying a big
portrait of.
Someone in armor and a sword.
Let's see. There's a ladder
hanging all around the big sign
with Waldo's message, and the
sign is boarded with red
question marks. And there are
ladders on both sides of people
going up and down and leaning
all over it. There are more
people hanging from
Scaffoldings, which are lowered
down by ropes.
Going back down to the ground
floor, what kinds of strange and
curious people can we find?
There is a person mounting some
pictures on the wall like
wallpaper, the papers almost all
attached and there's a big brush
for pushing it and smoothing out
the adhesive on the backside I
imagine and the person is
standing on a ladder.
There are pictures of men and
women. There are antiquated
pictures. The picture of a dog,
a picture of people together. A
picture of a person smoking a
pipe.
Down in the center, emerging
from one section of the ground
floor level, is a huge cluster
of cops with arms and legs
reaching in every which
direction. Perhaps someone is
stealing a picture of a king
being walked off.
there's a picture of a clown.
There's an
upside down picture. #END_exhibit_12
I'm on sensory overload.
Yeah, that's all I have to say
about this, OK.
OK, so I'm moving on.
Ohh.
#START_unfriendly_giants Another where's Waldo. The
unfriendly giants. This is
written on a scroll at the upper
left side. {Then Waldo and Wizard
White Beard came to the land of
the unfriendly giants, where
many waldos had been before. And
Waldo saw that the Giants were
horridly harassing the little
people. And when he found the
10th scroll, it was time to
continue with his journey.} And
there's like a wax seal.
Embossed with Waldo's face and a
blue and a red ribbon sticking
out of it to authenticate the
scroll, and then the two page
spread is filled.
With Giants dispersed at a
distance.
Some are among the trees
standing taller than the trees.
Some are standing outside a
castle taller than the castle.
There are some standing by a
windmill taller than the
windmill. Looks like one is out
in the field, perhaps turning
over a a hay.
Um.
Container that's gathered up the
hay up. There's a a pretty
female giant and another male
giant standing together.
Um, ohh. There's a giant that
has uprooted a tree, and he's
using he's turned it upside
down, and he's using the
branches and the leaves to
perhaps brush away the people,
the little tiny people on the
ground near him.
Oh, there is a picture of a
giant with a big belt with
spaces to where he has stuffed
people that he has captured in
his belt. I think they're even
people in his hoodie.
Um, ohh. There are some people
fighting back. Like four or five
of them are holding a large long
projectile arm with a big boxing
glove on it, and it's just
whacked a giant in the head and
he's looking a little dazed.
You know what the pretty female
giants are just wooden cutouts.
And there are three of them that
I can see on this page. And the
male giants are all approaching
these cutouts, pursing their
lips, waiting to kiss her with
little hearts above their heads.
Silly giants.
Let's see. Oh, here's a giant
who's.
Ohh my. In the center of the
page we have a little fetch
house with a bunch of people
standing in, circled by a big
noose lying on the ground, the
end of which is held by a giant.
He's clearly trying to catch
them. The people have.
Followed his example and have
made their own noose and landed
on the ground and there's a long
group of people holding on to
the end of the rope and a giant
has stepped into it and they
have tightened it around his
ankle and they're trying to pull
him to stop and there's another
noose snare that he's about to
step into.
Up here's a giant approaching
one of the female giant cutouts
with the thought is a bouquet of
flowers, but it's actually
another uprooted Bush.
And in the foreground we have
oh, thirsty giants who have long
striped straws, who have sucked
up all the water from some ponds
or lakes, and then they squirt
the water out the straws at the
people, and one of them is
laughing uproariously.
There is a game of chess on the
ground with small people playing
the chess people.
As the Giants move the people around to
play their game. #END_unfriendly_giants
That is all alright. That's
good.
OK. We will continue this with
another complex scene. OK.
#START_birthday_party_fun Here is a two page spread and a
little caption that says
birthday party fun. {The Penguins
stumble upon a birthday
celebration. Amelia thinks the
monkeys at the zoo seemed calm
in comparison to the kids at
this party. Hugo heads straight
for the party food to nibble on
the sandwiches while Arnie
stretches his wings and gets
ready for a game of tug of war.
Can you pick out all 10
Penguins?}
Well,
in this scene we have an outdoor
party happening with a huge
inflated castle. It's both a
jumping, bouncy house and it
also has a slide section. And
children are dressed up in
costumes, bats and frogs and
bunnies. And oh, there's an
elephant and giraffe and a zebra
and a lion and alligator and a
clown. Oh, there's a pharaoh.
Robot and a witch and alien and
fairy Princess or a fairy.
I see.
A policeman and a knight with a
shield and a looks like a Viking
with a horned helmet and
brandishing a sword. there's a
person. Maybe it's dad carrying
a candle, a birthday cake, A 2
layered cake with pink frosting
and lots of candles lit on top.
Well, there's a costumes of a
pirate and a Sultan and a
marching band leader, and
they're celebrating the arrival
of the cake. Oh, we have a
pinata activity happening over
to one side.
A multi colored colored Burrow
and there is a child with a
blindfold and a stick getting
ready to whack it and other
children waiting for their turn
to whack it. There are paper
lanterns.
There's a wooden fence and a old
woman peering over the fence to
see what's going on inside. Oh,
I see costumes of more fairies
and a chef and a caveman and a
superhero and another pirate and
a masked superhero and another
superhero. Oh, I see the tug of
war going on.
I think it's the kids who are in
costumes, because there are
clearly some adults who are not
in costume. There's one adult
bringing a present and a girl
with a big bow in her hair
taking the present, and there's
a whole table full of presents.
And then there's on another side
of this enclosure is a big hedge
fence like hedge, and there's an
open gate and more children are
arriving.
Carrying presents, someone looks
like Napoleon and Bumblebee.
another there's Sultan, a cat.
Ohh there's a little swimming
pool and inflated swimming pool
and kids are in their swimsuits
and in the water and getting
buckets of water dumped on their
heads and this spray gun
splashing another person and
Super Soaker and there's a
mermaid and.
Another knight in shining armor
and.
Football player with the number
9 a Princess, another witch, Ohh
a shepherd and a sheep and Bo
peep.
Oop, someone with a.
Skull Face mask on.
there is one Penguin.
In the clutches of a person and
Penguin has either pink ears or
a pink bow.
That is
the only Penguin I have seen.
Ohh there's another Penguin with
a top hat. Yeah, there's a
person dressed up as a Penguin,
as a person dressed up as a pig,
and on the food table we have
assortment bowls of yummies and
treats and towers of food. #END_birthday_party_fun
OK. OK. All right. You can go
on to the next scene.
Huh.
#START_ancient_rome On this two
page spread.
With lots of people on it.
There's a open book
{and it says 2000 years ago, fun
and games. In ancient Rome, the
Romans spent most of their time
fighting, conquering, learning
Latin and making roads. When
they took their holidays, they
also had games at the Colosseum,
an old sort of playground. Their
favorite games were fighting
more fighting, chariot racing,
fighting and feeding Christians
to lions.
When the crowd gave a
gladiator, the thumbs down meant
he should kill his opponent. A
thumbs up meant he should let
him go to fight to the death
another day.} So in this large
ring enclosed area, we have lots
of spectators gathered around.
On the outside, some look like
common contemporary folk. On
another side, many are dressed
up like Roman centurions.
there is a pack of lions that
have created a lion tower, one
on top of the other, trying to
get out of the enclosed area.
One is at the top of the wall.
Oh, another has gotten out and
is now mauling people on these
steps on the seats outside.
Back inside the Colosseum,
there's a chariot race, although
it's reversed because the horse
is holding the horse is being
given the ride, and humans are
tied up to the chariot and
pulling the horse. And then
there's another chariot with the
person getting the ride and four
or five horses pulling the
chariot.
And then there's another one
with horses. But the person
who's supposed to be getting the
ride has fallen out or was
pulled out and is trying to get
back in. We have random lions
here and there. One has a bib
around its neck and knife in its
hand. It looks like he's ready
for a meal, and there's a person
sitting on a little tiny.
Little swimming pool. Little
tiny one person swimming pool.
Ohh they look like some lion
Cubs.
Another person being dragged by
the chariot. Horses without a
chariot.
Oh, there's a the lions are
really running them up. Here's a
lion sitting on top of a person
raising its paw.
Ohh we have some spotted
leopards as well. Running loose,
chasing people.
We have.
Oh, and a tiger. I see a striped
tiger.
And there's another striped
tiger.
There are gladiators. Many of
their Shields are on the ground
now, but others are holding
Staffs.
I'm not saying Spears. They're
all holding wooden Staffs, but
there are also some swords lying
on the ground and then on the
far wall.
Scorekeeping.
One piece of paper has a picture
of a lion and a bunch of tick
marks showing that the lion has
won at least 10 times, and then
the other page is showing a
picture of a person that has no
wins under it. So clearly the
wild beasts are winning. #END_ancient_rome
That's all I have to say. OK,
we can move on to the next one.
Ohh.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo {Escape from the zoo the
Penguins were bored with life at
the zoo, so they hatched a plan
to escape from their enclosure.
They are enjoying their newfound
freedom, completely unaware of
the chaos they have created
around them. Spike loves
skateboarding and Muffy cannot
believe that ice cream cones
taste so good and you pick out
all 10 Penguins}
well
on this two page spread in a
zoo.
It is definitely chaotic. The
the pathways around the
different animal enclosures are
full of people walking, leaning
on the railings, looking in at
the animals, pushing babies and
strollers. Oh, there's a
rhinoceros just trotting down
the path and in front of it are
screaming people running away
from it. Also a screaming snake.
Um, the lion enclosure. Some
silly people have climbed over
the fence and are inside now the
lion is just sitting there
licking its lips. There's a male
lion with a big main and a
female lion and some kind of
little mirror cat or Groundhog
type creatures.
Prairie dogs poking up from the
ground.
We have a Peacock.
On the loose with its feathers
all wide open and splendor.
We have a man selling hot dogs
and there's a person buying a
hot dog.
In another enclosed area, we
have an assortment of animals, a
pair of giraffes and anteater.
Some kind of horned elk type
creature, perhaps a wild boar
And then above them is a parrot
that's flying looking a little
crazy. His eyes are crossed and
a Penguin flying overhead in a
little propeller plane.
We have in the next enclosure
over.
Collection of gorillas.
And one is down front.
Could be dancing because arms
over his head and he's moving
his legs up and down, but he's
an angry expression. So I see
opposite him on the other side
of the fence, a young man who's
doing similar gestures with his
arms and legs. So I think the
gorilla is mimicking the humans,
and I see a park Ranger
approaching the human, perhaps
to scold him and not to taunt.
the wild life.
There is a shop and there's an
owl and some other birds sitting
on the roof the shop. next to
the shops, the cafe. There are a
variety of birds sitting on top
including what looks like a bald
headed eagle.
Beyond that is an enclosure with
rhinoceroses and ostrich
elephant.
And then the next enclosure is a
different environment
altogether. It's.
Arctic with a polar bear in a
water and other polar bears
walking around on the simulated
ice.
I did not find all 10 Penguins
as you
see one Penguin on the back of
the rhinoceros that's running
down the path. #END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK. OK. OK. OK. We'll do the
next one.
Hmm.
#START_by_the_lake By the lake,
the two page spread with this
little narrative on the corner.
{It's after the excitement of
the past few days, the lake is
the perfect place for the
Penguins to lie back and relax
in sunshine. There's plenty to
keep the young ones entertained.
Pee Wee can't stop playing in
the sand and dot is having a
fantastic time splashing around
and trying out the different
water sports. Can you pick out
all 10 Penguins?}
So on this spread.
Um, again. We have foreground,
which is Sandy Shore area. Lots
of people are standing around,
milling around, walking around,
playing different sports with
soccer balls and volleyballs.
There's a little child with a
net and a little.
You know, a little inlet of
water for the small children in
the water Oh, there's a.
Big inflatable rubber ring that
a person is sitting and there's
another rubber wing, there's a
kayak, there's a ski Doo boat
zipping through making spray,
and I see a Penguin floating in
the water.
There's a beach ball, Rainbow
Beach ball and a swan.
Let's see, in the background
there looks like some kind of a
a large house, you know, could
be the visitor center.
Yeah, that's it. Ohh. We have
people water skiing. This is the
first thing that I saw.
They are 12345 tiers, rows
standing on each other's
shoulders, water skiing others
some.
They're not sailboats. They're
kind of little thing that a
single person.
Can work with
the sail but it's not a boat.
Oh, there's a paddle boat,
there's a kayak, there's a stand
up paddle board, there's a float
with crowded with people and
other people jumping off into
the water. #END_by_the_lake
OK, that's good.
OK.
So that will do the final item
of today.
#START_deep_sea_divers The deep
sea divers.
{Then Waldo and Wizard White
Beard came to the watery world
of the deep sea divers where
many waldos had been before. And
Waldos searched for the 8th
scroll among the monsters of the
deep, among the mermaids,
fishermen and fish. And when he
found it, it was time to
continue with his journey.}  So
here we have a two page spread
that's all in the water and we
can see beneath the water so
it's a cutaway.
So you can see beneath the water
and all kinds of activity with
people and fish and octopuses
and.
Mermaids. More fish.
Red fish, blue fish, yellow,
green.
seaweed some
Fish that are have arranged
themselves. Small fish that have
arranged themselves to make the
image of 1 large fish.
A scallop shell.
The big fish coming up up. He
looks like he has swallowed the
bait and is hooked by someone in
a little striped boat, red and
white striped boat above who is
trying to catch a fish.
{Wait until he sees how big that
one is. Yeah, bigger than the
person.}
Oh and another fishing boat.
Someone caught a boot.
Let's see, we have a few rocks.
Jetting up above the water, one
of the rocks has a number of
mermaids lounging on it. Another
one has some swimmers and people
with fishing poles sitting on
it. Another one has.
A string of fish jumping over
it.
Another one has some another few
people, one with a fishing pole.
Who has
caught a person? Another one
where they've caught a shoe or a
boot. #END_deep_sea_divers
Um.
Anything else that I can see in
here?
It's very busy.
That's about it. Alright. Well,
thank you for today. You're
welcome.